docs: Add metadata to future work pages (#590)
thousandbrainsproject/tbp.monty: docs/future-work/learning-module-improvements/less-dependency-on-first-observation.md

---
title: Less Dependency on First Observation

> description: Currently we only initialize hypotheses on the first step of an episode which make us dependent on it being good.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Currently we only initialize hypotheses on the first step of an episode which make us dependent on the first observation having low noise .
```
